content/pages/portfolio-en.md, before:

Title: Portfolio
Date: 5/29/2019, 10:23:47 AM
Modified: 5/29/2019, 10:23:52 AM
Category: Portfolio
Tags: portfolio
Slug: portfolio
Lang: en
Authors: Pablo Rodríguez-Sánchez
Summary: Some things I want to share

## Talks
Since 2013, I give at least one popular science talk per year in a theater. Here I show those talks with english subtitles. For a full list, click [here](https://pabrod.github.io/pages/sci-comm-en.html#sci-comm).

### How to piss-off a mathematician
[![piss](https://img.youtube.com/vi/RbXoYtQq3aY/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RbXoYtQq3aY&yt%3Acc=on)

### Random stuff
[![piss](https://img.youtube.com/vi/6koBb_wKofw/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6koBb_wKofw&yt%3Acc=on)

## Blog
I write since 2011 for [Naukas.com](https://naukas.com), the largest science communication web-magazine in Spanish language. My blog, [_Fuga de cerebros_](https://fuga.naukas.com) (Brain drain), focuses in physics, mathematics, and the experience of emigrated scientists. For a full list of my texts (some of them in English), click [here](https://pabrod.github.io/pages/sci-comm-en.html#sci-comm).

[![fuga](../images/portfolio/fuga.png)](https://fuga.naukas.com)

## Teaching applets
Click [here](https://fuga.naukas.com/categoria/ciencia-interactiva/) to access my applets collection.

[![black](../images/portfolio/blackboard.jpeg)](https://fuga.naukas.com/categoria/ciencia-interactiva/)

## Software packages

### Dyntools
Dyntools is _Python_ package for analysis and visualization of dynamical systems. It is still work in progress, but it is available [here](https://github.com/PabRod/phdtools).

[![attractor](../images/portfolio/attractor.gif)](https://github.com/PabRod/phdtools)

### Rolldown
[Rolldown](https://github.com/PabRod/rolldown) is an _R_ package for computing potentials and pseudopotentials.

[![rolldown](../images/portfolio/rolldown.png)](https://github.com/PabRod/rolldown)

Commit message:

Improved portfolio
- Added pendulum
- Improved layout using tables

content/pages/portfolio-en.md, after:

Title: Portfolio
Date: 5/29/2019, 10:23:47 AM
Modified: 5/29/2019, 10:23:52 AM
Category: Portfolio
Tags: portfolio
Slug: portfolio
Lang: en
Authors: Pablo Rodríguez-Sánchez
Summary: Some things I want to share

## Talks
Since 2013, I give at least one popular science talk per year in a theater. Below I show those talks with english subtitles. For a full list, click [here](https://pabrod.github.io/pages/sci-comm-en.html#sci-comm).

|                  How to piss-off a mathematician                   |                Random stuff about random numbers                |
|:------------------------------------------------------------------:|:---------------------------------------------------------------:|
|                         Naukas Bilbao 2017                         |                       Naukas Bilbao 2015                        |
| [![piss](https://img.youtube.com/vi/RbXoYtQq3aY/0.jpg)][howtopiss] | [![rand](https://img.youtube.com/vi/6koBb_wKofw/0.jpg)][random] |

## Software packages

|                                                    Pendulum                                                     |                                                           Dyntools                                                            |
|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
| [Pendulum][pendulum] is a _Python_ package for mechanical simulation of non-inertial simple and double pendula. | [Dyntools][dyntools] is a _Python_ package for analysis and visualization of dynamical systems. It is still work in progress. |
|                            [![pendulum](../images/portfolio/nidouble.gif)][pendulum]                            |                                  [![attractor](../images/portfolio/attractor.gif)][dyntools]                                  |

### Rolldown
[Rolldown](https://github.com/PabRod/rolldown) is an _R_ package for computing potentials and pseudopotentials as described in my paper [Climbing Escher's ladder](https://arxiv.org/abs/1903.05615).

[![rolldown](../images/portfolio/rolldown.png)](https://github.com/PabRod/rolldown)

## Blog
I write since 2011 for [Naukas.com](https://naukas.com), the largest science communication web-magazine in Spanish language. My blog, [_Fuga de cerebros_](https://fuga.naukas.com) (Brain drain), focuses in physics, mathematics, and the experience of emigrated scientists. For a full list of my texts (some of them in English), click [here](https://pabrod.github.io/pages/sci-comm-en.html#sci-comm).

[![fuga](../images/portfolio/fuga.png)](https://fuga.naukas.com)

## Teaching applets
Click [here](https://fuga.naukas.com/categoria/ciencia-interactiva/) to access my applets collection.

[![black](../images/portfolio/blackboard.jpeg)](https://fuga.naukas.com/categoria/ciencia-interactiva/)

[howtopiss]:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RbXoYtQq3aY&yt%3Acc=on
[random]:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6koBb_wKofw&yt%3Acc=on
[pendulum]:https://github.com/PabRod/pendulum
[dyntools]:https://github.com/PabRod/phdtools
